Congratulations on creating your first CI job.
As you can see, the job was only a conduit through which you can carry out commands.
Can you already see how you can begin to automate tasks?
Let's take a look at my code and see how yours differs from mine.
Hey, you caught me still modifying my configuration file.
You've probably already done this.
But since I started with the boilerplate code from CircleCI,
it had this orbs section in it and it was doing
the work of the hello world and the exercise was to add our own hello world.
So I'm actually going to remove this orbs section and also this CircleCI added for us.
Now we have basically what you should already have.
We've got a jobs section where we have print hello.
We've got a docker image for each of our steps,
we're using CircleCI node 13 for both of our jobs.
We have one step and each job where it's just echoing something,
either hello or world.
Down here in our workflow section,
we have a very simple workflow it's called welcome.
It has two jobs.
We've got print hello,
which is going to run first,
and then we're going to run print world after
print hello finishes because here we have our requires.
I'll let the copy of the code below the video if you'd like to check it out some more.